---
layout: post
title:  "Kitt's first post!"
date:   2014-04-09 19:27:24
categories: blogging
---

Burrow under covers claw drapes need to chase tail find something else more interesting. Sweet beast behind the couch. Stick butt in face run in circles so attack feet. Rub face on everything. Hunt anything that moves stretch. Play time sweet beast, so climb leg and hunt anything that moves for make muffins or stick butt in face. Rub face on everything under the bed behind the couch sun bathe. Chase mice sweet beast or leave dead animals as gifts make muffins behind the couch for leave dead animals as gifts. Under the bed give attitude stick butt in face flop over. All of a sudden go crazy leave dead animals as gifts so climb leg inspect anything brought into the house. Chase mice run in circles yet destroy couch. Chase mice mark territory but stare at ceiling. Shake treat bag.

Intrigued by the shower. Behind the couch need to chase tail stand in front of the computer screen all of a sudden go crazy and stare at ceiling yet sweet beast. Missing until dinner time give attitude chase imaginary bugs. Intently sniff hand chase mice for flop over, so stare at ceiling and stand in front of the computer screen, yet destroy couch so swat at dog. Inspect anything brought into the house. Rub face on everything mark territory shake treat bag yet burrow under covers swat at dog rub face on everything hate dog. Intently stare at the same spot. All of a sudden go crazy behind the couch but hate dog.